Text from https://thumbay.com/#top:
Thumbay Group - Medical Education, Healthcare & Research About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback Our Success Watch Video Thumbay Medicity Who We Are Founded by Dr. Thumbay Moideen in 1997, Thumbay Group is a diversified international business conglomerate with operations across different verticals including Education, Healthcare, Medical Research, Diagnostics, Retail Pharmacy, Health Communications, Retail Opticals, Wellness, Nutrition Stores, Hospitality, Real Estate, Publishing, Technology, Media, Events, Medical Tourism, Trading and Marketing & Distribution. Headquartered in Dubai, the group presently employs around 3000 people. Business Sectors Education Gulf Medical University Established in 1998 by Thumbay Group UAE, Gulf Medical University (GMU) – Ajman is one of the most popular medical universities in the region. Healthcare With our Hospitals and Medical Centre in Ajman, Fujairah and Sharjah. Thumbay Chain of Hospitals is one of the largest healthcare providers in the region. Diagnostics Thumbay Labs is now one of the largest chains of College of American Pathologists (CAP) accredited private labs in the region, offering a wide portfolio of advanced tests with proven standards in quality, accuracy and precision. Wellness Body and Soul Health Clubs offers extensive sports, recreation, fitness, health, social and youth programs. Publishing HEALTH is a bi-monthly, bi-lingual (English & Arabic) magazine, which has emerged as one of the premier BPA Audited Health & Lifestyle magazines in the region. Hospitality Multi-cuisine food court located at Thumbay Medicity, Ajman, with outlets of The Terrace Restaurant, Veg Corner (Pure Vegetarian Restaurant), Hello Panda (Chinese Cuisine) and Salaama (Arabic Cuisine). Retail This retail business chain has been delivering excellent service in the UAE for close to two decades. Real Estate With extensive construction projects and an impressive client list in the UAE and India, Thumbay Builders is one of the largest construction companies in the Northern Emirates of the UAE. Media Thumbay Media is a leading media solutions provider offering a wide range of media solutions from media production to online marketing to organizing events and campaigns. Technology A leading name in the IT sector, Thumbay Technologies delivers a host of services across several business verticals. Iconic Diversified Group Thumbay Group is Committed to provide quality care to the community, The Thumbay Hospital network, which today has the distinction of being the biggest chain of private academic hospitals in the region, treats patients from as many as 175 countries. Thumbay Group’s Healthcare Division operates 7 academic hospitals, 5 family clinics/ Medical Center, 3 diagnostic labs, and 46 retail pharmacy outlets. Thumbay Group’s pioneering role in the region has led UAE as a regional hub of futuristic medical education, state-of-the-art healthcare, and cutting-edge research, creating a mark in the global map. Read more Brands Latest News News Room 0 Academic Hospitals 0 Deliveries Conducted 0 Million Patients Treated 0 Employees 0 Students 0 Treating Nationalities 0 Years of Excellence 0 Brands Contact Us Feel free to contact us. A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. DIFC - Dubai, United Arab Emirates info@thumbay.com +971 4 2985555 Get in Touch About UsPresident’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Contact Us Group BusinessesEducation Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology OpportunitiesPartner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab MediaNews Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Health Magazine Health Blog Copyright © 2024 Thumbay Group Growth Through Innovation

Text from https://thumbay.com/:
Thumbay Group - Medical Education, Healthcare & Research About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback Our Success Watch Video Thumbay Medicity Who We Are Founded by Dr. Thumbay Moideen in 1997, Thumbay Group is a diversified international business conglomerate with operations across different verticals including Education, Healthcare, Medical Research, Diagnostics, Retail Pharmacy, Health Communications, Retail Opticals, Wellness, Nutrition Stores, Hospitality, Real Estate, Publishing, Technology, Media, Events, Medical Tourism, Trading and Marketing & Distribution. Headquartered in Dubai, the group presently employs around 3000 people. Business Sectors Education Gulf Medical University Established in 1998 by Thumbay Group UAE, Gulf Medical University (GMU) – Ajman is one of the most popular medical universities in the region. Healthcare With our Hospitals and Medical Centre in Ajman, Fujairah and Sharjah. Thumbay Chain of Hospitals is one of the largest healthcare providers in the region. Diagnostics Thumbay Labs is now one of the largest chains of College of American Pathologists (CAP) accredited private labs in the region, offering a wide portfolio of advanced tests with proven standards in quality, accuracy and precision. Wellness Body and Soul Health Clubs offers extensive sports, recreation, fitness, health, social and youth programs. Publishing HEALTH is a bi-monthly, bi-lingual (English & Arabic) magazine, which has emerged as one of the premier BPA Audited Health & Lifestyle magazines in the region. Hospitality Multi-cuisine food court located at Thumbay Medicity, Ajman, with outlets of The Terrace Restaurant, Veg Corner (Pure Vegetarian Restaurant), Hello Panda (Chinese Cuisine) and Salaama (Arabic Cuisine). Retail This retail business chain has been delivering excellent service in the UAE for close to two decades. Real Estate With extensive construction projects and an impressive client list in the UAE and India, Thumbay Builders is one of the largest construction companies in the Northern Emirates of the UAE. Media Thumbay Media is a leading media solutions provider offering a wide range of media solutions from media production to online marketing to organizing events and campaigns. Technology A leading name in the IT sector, Thumbay Technologies delivers a host of services across several business verticals. Iconic Diversified Group Thumbay Group is Committed to provide quality care to the community, The Thumbay Hospital network, which today has the distinction of being the biggest chain of private academic hospitals in the region, treats patients from as many as 175 countries. Thumbay Group’s Healthcare Division operates 7 academic hospitals, 5 family clinics/ Medical Center, 3 diagnostic labs, and 46 retail pharmacy outlets. Thumbay Group’s pioneering role in the region has led UAE as a regional hub of futuristic medical education, state-of-the-art healthcare, and cutting-edge research, creating a mark in the global map. Read more Brands Latest News News Room 0 Academic Hospitals 0 Deliveries Conducted 0 Million Patients Treated 0 Employees 0 Students 0 Treating Nationalities 0 Years of Excellence 0 Brands Contact Us Feel free to contact us. A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. DIFC - Dubai, United Arab Emirates info@thumbay.com +971 4 2985555 Get in Touch About UsPresident’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Contact Us Group BusinessesEducation Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology OpportunitiesPartner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab MediaNews Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Health Magazine Health Blog Copyright © 2024 Thumbay Group Growth Through Innovation

Text from https://thumbay.com/about-us/:
About Us - Thumbay Group About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback About Us Who We Are Founded by Dr. Thumbay Moideen in 1997, Thumbay Group is a diversified international business conglomerate with operations across different verticals including Education, Healthcare, Medical Research, Diagnostics, Retail Pharmacy, Health Communications, Retail Opticals, Wellness, Nutrition Stores, Hospitality, Real Estate, Publishing, Technology, Media, Events, Medical Tourism, Trading and Marketing & Distribution. Headquartered in Dubai, the group presently employs around 3000 people. Thumbay Group is Committed to provide quality care to the community, The Thumbay Hospital network, which today has the distinction of being the biggest chain of private academic hospitals in the region, treats patients from as many as 175 countries. Thumbay Group’s Healthcare Division operates 7 academic hospitals, 5 family clinics/ Medical Center, 3 diagnostic labs, and 46 retail pharmacy outlets. Thumbay Group’s pioneering role in the region has led UAE as a regional hub of futuristic medical education, state-of-the-art healthcare, and cutting-edge research, creating a mark in the global map. 0 Academic Hospitals 0 Deliveries Conducted 0 Million Patients Treated 0 Employees 0 Students 0 Treating Nationalities 0 Years of Excellence 0 Brands About UsPresident’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Contact Us Group BusinessesEducation Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology OpportunitiesPartner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab MediaNews Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Health Magazine Health Blog Copyright © 2024 Thumbay Group Growth Through Innovation

Text from https://thumbay.com/presidents-message/:
President's Message - Thumbay Group About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback President’s Message Dr. Thumbay Moideen Founder President Since its inception in 1997, Thumbay Group has evolved as a diversified international business conglomerate consistently delivering outstanding services across multiple sectors. When we started this journey over two decades back, we knew there would come a time when Thumbay Group would emerge as a world-class business group capable of achieving sustained growth, at the same time delivering the best of products and services. Our constant efforts to be an extraordinary performer is what has got us where we are today. A strong core of ethical functioning, consistency in maintaining quality standards, adherence to systems and customer focus have been crucial in facilitating our growth as a business leader on the global stage. What sets us apart is that our commitment to quality and innovation remains as sincere today as it was at the start. The foundation of our philosophy is “Growth through Innovation.” We are constantly engaged in the never-ending process of innovation, in our quest to emerge as the frontrunners of excellence. Our businesses have been gaining strong foothold and our brands have been established as centers of excellence in their respective sectors. We continue to seize new opportunities that hold a promise for Thumbay Group and help us serve our customers better. What we have achieved over the years are no small accomplishments. However, our sights are firmly set on the ultimate goal of growing into an iconic brand with global presence. We hope to put our success and growth of almost two decades to good use, for the betterment of humanity across societies. I envision Thumbay Group as a pioneer of innovations, touching and empowering the lives of each human being. About UsPresident’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Contact Us Group BusinessesEducation Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology OpportunitiesPartner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab MediaNews Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Health Magazine Health Blog Copyright © 2024 Thumbay Group Growth Through Innovation

Text from https://thumbay.com/vision-mission-values/:
Vision, Mission & Values - Thumbay Group About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback Vision, Mission & Values The Vision to Innovate Be a leading business house with a global presence The Mission to Explore New Growth Avenues To emerge as a premier international business house, serving diverse segments of the society with innovative products and services of unmatched quality and integrity and inspiring confidence, satisfaction, trust and loyalty among the community across cultures. Values That Drive Growth The Thumbay Group possesses a strong set of values that aims to support business integration while creating a sense of belonging. They touch upon business areas, activities, existing corporate culture and country of operation. Excellence: Provide customers with a consistently high level of service through continuous benchmarking of operations and realigning of processes. Trust: Ensure trust and respect for business success through open communication, dialogue and delegation of responsibilities. Knowledge: Interact closely with customers by creating and sharing knowledge that adds value and is relevant. Innovation: Pursue innovation so as to harness cutting-edge technology, using insights to invent a better future that makes healthcare serve fairly, productively and consistently. Integrity: Ensure the highest levels of personal and institutional ethics and integrity, make honest commitments and work to consistently honour them. About UsPresident’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Contact Us Group BusinessesEducation Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology OpportunitiesPartner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab MediaNews Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Health Magazine Health Blog Copyright © 2024 Thumbay Group Growth Through Innovation

Text from https://thumbay.com/innovation/:
Innovation - Thumbay Group About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback About President’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Group Businesses Education Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology Brands CSR Corporate Social Responsibility Thumbay Foundation Media News Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Newsroom Health Magazine Health Blog Opportunities Partner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab Contact Feedback Innovation Thumbay Group believes that innovation is the key driver of growth. All our strategies are designed around the core function of innovation. We constantly accelerate the pace of our innovation and set new standards. Thumbay Group invites individuals and businesses to join us in our journey of innovation. If you have an innovative idea, we would like to hear from you and help you transform your idea into reality. If you have an innovative business, we would like to take it to great heights, as the true generators of path-breaking innovations. If you value and relish innovation as much as we do, then you know whom to join, to play a part in shaping a better tomorrow. Together let us transform the world! About UsPresident’s Message Vision, Mission & Values Innovation Awards & Achievements History Contact Us Group BusinessesEducation Healthcare Diagnostics Wellness Publishing Hospitality Retail Real Estate Media Technology OpportunitiesPartner With Us Careers Submit Your Proposal Procurements Division Internship Startup Lab MediaNews Thumbay Gallery Video Gallery Health Magazine Health Blog Copyright © 2024 Thumbay Group Growth Through Innovation

